README.md, before:

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg)](https://nodejs.org/)
[![GitHub version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.2-blue.svg)](https://github.com/GameDistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos/)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.svg)](http://gruntjs.com/)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://github.com/GameDistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos/blob/master/LICENSE)


# Tubia walkthrough video's
This is the documentation of the Tubia video player project. An HTML5 player used for displaying gaming walkthrough video's matching its context.

Tubia.com offers walkthrough video’s to gaming publishers, for free. Many gamers seek out helpful tutorials and videos to help them when they get stuck in a game. We facilitate this and create helpful content that helps gamers beat their favorite web games! By embedding our video walkthroughs on your website, you can not only help your users beat a difficult part of a game, but also increase your revenue and user engagement.

Running into any issues? Check out the Wiki of the github repository before mailing to <a href="support@tubia.com" target="_blank">support@tubia.com</a>

## Implementation within a page
The player should be implemented within a page by loading it through our CDN. Specific information of the player features and usages can be found at the <a href="https://github.com/GameDistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos/wiki" target="_blank">wiki</a>.

### CDN
Add the following script to your document.
```
window["TUBIA_OPTIONS"] = {
    "container": '[YOUR CONTAINER ELEMENT ID HERE]',
    "publisherId": '[YOUR PUBLISHER ID HERE]',
    "gameId": '[YOUR GAME ITS IDENTIFIER]',
    "title": '[YOUR GAME ITS TITLE]',
    "category": '[A SINGLE CATEGORY NAME ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR GAME WITHIN YOUR WEBSITE]',
};
(function (d, s, id) {
    var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
    if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
    js = d.createElement(s);
    js.id = id;
    js.src = './gd.js';
    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
}(document, 'script', 'tubia-playerjs'));
```

## Repository
The player is maintained on a public github repository.
<a href="https://github.com/gamedistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos" target="_blank">https://github.com/gamedistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos</a>

## Deployment
Deployment of this repository to production environments is done through TeamCity.

## Installation for development
Install the following programs:
* [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org/).
* [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

Pull in the rest of the requirements using npm:
```
npm install
```

Setup a local node server, watch changes and update your browser view automatically:
```
grunt
```

Make a production build for the CDN solution. The npmjs version uses a "prepublish"-task defined within package.json, which does a simple babel task, similar to this task:
```
grunt build
```

Commit message:

Updated a vulerability in one of our dependendencies and also updated documentation.

README.md, after:

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg)](https://nodejs.org/)
[![GitHub version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.2-blue.svg)](https://github.com/GameDistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos/)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.svg)](http://gruntjs.com/)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://github.com/GameDistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos/blob/master/LICENSE)


# Tubia walkthrough video's
This is the documentation of the Tubia video player project. An HTML5 player used for displaying gaming walkthrough video's matching its context.

Tubia.com offers walkthrough video’s to gaming publishers, for free. Many gamers seek out helpful tutorials and videos to help them when they get stuck in a game. We facilitate this and create helpful content that helps gamers beat their favorite web games! By embedding our video walkthroughs on your website, you can not only help your users beat a difficult part of a game, but also increase your revenue and user engagement.

Running into any issues? Check out the Wiki of the github repository before mailing to <a href="support@tubia.com" target="_blank">support@tubia.com</a>

## Implementation within a page
The player should be implemented within a page by loading it through our CDN. Specific information of the player features and usages can be found at the <a href="https://github.com/GameDistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos/wiki" target="_blank">wiki</a>.

### Example
Add the following script to your document.
```
window["TUBIA_OPTIONS"] = {
    "container": '[YOUR CONTAINER ELEMENT ID HERE]',
    "publisherId": '[YOUR PUBLISHER ID HERE]',
    "gameId": '[YOUR GAME ITS IDENTIFIER]',
    "title": '[YOUR GAME ITS TITLE]',
    "category": '[A SINGLE CATEGORY NAME ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR GAME WITHIN YOUR WEBSITE]',
};
(function (d, s, id) {
    var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
    if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
    js = d.createElement(s);
    js.id = id;
    js.src = 'https://tubia.gamedistribution.com/libs/gd/gd.min.js';
    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
}(document, 'script', 'tubia-playerjs'));
```

## Callbacks & Properties
### Properties
You can use the following properties:

| Property | Mandatory | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| container | Yes | {String} 'player' | The container element id value. The HTML5 player will be embedded within. |
| publisherId | Yes | {String} '' | Your Tubia publisher identifier. |
| gameId | Yes | {String} '' | A unique identifier of your page content. We use this data to match a video with your identifier. |
| title | Yes | {String} '' | The name of your game. This values is used within the video player, but we also use this data to match a video with your title. |
| category | Yes | {String} '' | The category of your game. We use this data to match a video with your category. The value can be the name or a number, as long as you give us a string value. |
| colorMain | No | {String} '' | The main theme color of the HTML5 video player. |
| colorAccent | No | {String} '' | The accent theme color of the HTML5 video player. |
| debug | No | {Boolean} false | Enable debugging. Please keep it to false when publishing. |

### Callbacks
You can hook into the following callbacks:

| Callback | Returns | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| onStart | nothing | The very first moment everything is initializing. |
| onFound | {Object} - Video data | When a video - matching with your game - has been found. |
| onReady | {Object} - Player instance | When the HTML5 player is ready to play the video. |
| onError | {Object} - Error data | When any error happens inside of Tubia. |

### Styling/ CSS
The video player will be embedded straight into your web page as a component, so not within an iframe. This means you're free to completely style it to your wishes or even write plugins.

## Repository
The player is maintained on a public github repository.
<a href="https://github.com/gamedistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos" target="_blank">https://github.com/gamedistribution/tubia-walkthrough-videos</a>

## Deployment
Deployment of this repository to production environments is done through TeamCity.

## Installation for development
Install the following programs:
* [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org/).
* [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

Pull in the rest of the requirements using npm:
```
npm install
```

Setup a local node server, watch changes and update your browser view automatically:
```
grunt
```

Make a production build for the CDN solution. The npmjs version uses a "prepublish"-task defined within package.json, which does a simple babel task, similar to this task:
```
grunt build
```
